# ARQuest
Game idea.

18/2/19
Right now, the Repository is empty. We are still brainstorming for idea's, but Hence, you have to make a start!

## Idea 1
- Single-player mode
    - multi-player via 'shared' mode? ("hot seat")
- Table-top adventure game
- Classic fantasy setting
    - or Sci-fi?
- Slay enemies and get nice loot (progression elements)
    - "dungeon crawler"

- Long/infinite play mode (auto-generate replayable content)
    - Autogenerated content m
- Player classes (different playstyles)
- Leveling? Or purely stats increases via loot?

# Technical requirements
- Cross-platform
    - iOS/Android?
    - PC/Windows?
    - MacOS?
    - Linux?
- Audio
    - how feasible is it to make something?
    - are there unlicensed fitting music, e.g. classical music?


19/2/19 RW
# Idea 2
- Turnbased?
- Short game or long game?
    - with or without savegame?
- Autogenerated and everytime different challenges
- Tabletop: topview? firstperson? sidescroller?
- cartoonesk? black and white? Realistic?
- simple graphics? or artistwork?
    - Perhaps use childrengraphics?
- Leaderboard? Hall of fame? Social elements?

## Anders comments, 2019-02-20:
- I was thinking turn-based, yes. (makes "hot seat" playing easier too I guess, if we opt for that kind of multiplayer)
- Short or long? Good question. I was thinking long via replayability, but short enough that you can have a stage/level/session done in ~30-45mins?
- I hadn't considered anything other than isometric (or topdown) to be honest. I was thinking pieces-on-a-board (e.g. like "Battle Chess"), but I realise now that it was quite a few unconscious design choices taken. :)
- Cartoonesk style sounds fun - although I'm also good with a more realistics style.
- How much work is there in making the textures themselves? I am not much of a graphic artist, but if there are good tools for generating.... ;)
- I like the Hall of Fame idea (and I am a bit of a sucker for in-game achievements too :))
- Social elements? And/or online elements? I think I'd like to be able to play in an offline mode at least; but these days there's WIFI and 3G everywhere, so it's not a big problem. :)

# tech 2
- Html/CSS/Javascript based game
    - Easy to port
    - android/ios just add a browsercontrol to the app
    - lots of existing frameworks like https://github.com/melonjs/melonJS  etc available
    - JQuery
- tilebased graphics
    - lots of tools available
- multiplayer
    - using browserbased games makes it difficult to play using sharedmode. Serverbased is easier to accomplisch (Mysql - PHP-api). User creation etc

# RW, 23/2/19:
- Ok you have a point. Turned based is ok. I like your hotseat idea. Remember: turnbased implies every player has to wait on till it is his/her turn. So, no switching gear, run off etc, but only(?) social, inspecting or estethic moves can be made off-turn
- tilebased squaregrid games are by miles the way to go. Easy to handle and accomplish. If you let the characters move by each square, things will be even more achievable. 
- I would say, just start by a grid say 25x25, fill it in with some random walls, encounters, treasures (start by 1 type off wall, 1 type of treasure, 1 goals and 1 type of monster (get rid of the nasty goblins). Create some kind of charsheet (intellect, strength, defense, agility etc). Keep track of level and xp, add gear + bonusattributes. Create a simple ai for the monster (run random? follow the wall? attack on sight? run away?), let the dice do the math
- there are a zillion site/programs that can assist with the graphics. Some example graphs: https://nl.pinterest.com/skippyshy/rpg-maker/?lp=true
- Perhaps we can start creating in Java? If the VM is loaded, it can be played on most of the platforms. Only mobile need some adjustment, but there will be improvements, new insights and. Also, I can create a sample class of chars, monsters, playground etc and all we have to do is change the classes if we want a different style. Display on screen can be made anyway we would like. 
- but first: java Swing. Perhaps you can look at http://zetcode.com/tutorials/javagamestutorial/ for some basics?


# RW 23/2/19
Just for a try. Using Canvas in Html, Js